Restructuring of the provided example (#1686)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/extending/creating_custom_dropdowns.md

{% endset %}
```

>  `<select>` input must have the `ibexa-input` class. Multiple option is optional but should be added if the drop-down attribute `multiple` is set to true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `<select>` input must have the `ibexa-input` class.
The `multiple` setting is optional, but you should add it if the drop-down attribute `multiple` is set to true.
```

}] %}
```

## Prepare custom drop-down structure

Next, prepare the component structure and place it in the template after setting the needed attributes. See the example:

```twig
{% include '@ibexadesign/ui/component/dropdown/dropdown.html.twig' with {
    source: source,
    choices: choices,
    preferred_choices: preferred_choices,
    value: value
} %}
```

> # Drop-down attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Drop-down attributes

```

> The following attribute are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following attributes are available:
```

![Drop-down expanded state](img/dropdown_expanded_state.png)

> # Extend drop-down templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extend drop-down templates
```

> ## Initialize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initialize
```

All drop-downs are searched and initialized automatically in `admin.dropdown.js`.

> To extend or modify the search, you need to add a `custom_init` attribute to the drop-down Twig parameteres. Otherwise it will be initialized two times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To extend or modify the search, you need to add a `custom_init` attribute to the drop-down Twig parameters. Otherwise it will be initialized two times.
```

> To extend or modify the search, you need to add a `custom_init` attribute to the drop-down Twig parameteres. Otherwise it will be initialized two times.

Reviewer 3: Not related to Ramzi updates, but I think there is another slip in this sentence:
```suggestion
To extend or modify the dropdown, you need to add a `custom_init` attribute to the drop-down Twig parameteres. Otherwise it will be initialized two times.
```
